Update from code changes: chained where filters combine with AND (#293)
lancedb/docs: docs/search/filtering.mdx

On hybrid queries, the same `where(...)` filter is applied to both the vector and full-text halves of the query. The prefilter or postfilter choice controls whether that happens before each subquery scores candidates or after the subquery top-k is produced.

## Chaining `where` clauses

> Starting in LanceDB Python `0.34.0` and LanceDB Rust/TypeScript `0.31.0`, you can call `where(...)` (Python and TypeScript) or `only_if(...)` (Rust) more than once on the same query builder. Each additional filter is combined with the previous one using logical `AND`, so `where("a > 0").where("b < 10")` is equivalent to `where("(a > 0) AND (b < 10)")`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In more recent LanceDB SDK versions (see the callout box below for the exact version numbers), you can call `where(...)` (Python and TypeScript) or `only_if(...)` (Rust) more than once on the same query builder. Each additional filter is combined with the previous one using logical `AND`, so `where("a > 0").where("b < 10")` is equivalent to `where("(a > 0) AND (b < 10)")`.
```

For a fixed predicate, writing one `where(...)` clause with `AND` is just as valid and often clearer. Chaining is mainly useful when code composes filters incrementally, such as applying a shared base predicate in a helper and then adding a per-call predicate at the query site.

<CodeGroup>
```python Python icon="python"
# Both filters apply: item is in the list AND price is above 15.
result = (
    table.search([100, 102])
    .where("item IN ('foo', 'bar', 'baz')")
    .where("price > 15.0")
    .limit(3)
    .to_arrow()
)
```

```typescript TypeScript icon="square-js"
// Both filters apply: item is in the list AND price is above 15.
const result = await table
  .search([100, 102])
  .where("item IN ('foo', 'bar', 'baz')")
  .where("price > 15.0")
  .limit(3)
  .toArray();
```
</CodeGroup>

<Warning>

> In Python versions before `0.34.0` and Rust/TypeScript versions before `0.31.0`, a second `where(...)` or `only_if(...)` call replaced the first filter, so only the last predicate was applied. If your code needs to run on those older clients, write a single predicate with `AND` instead of chaining calls. When upgrading, review any existing chained filters and drop earlier calls you no longer want to apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Python SDK versions before `0.34.0` and Rust/TypeScript SDK versions before `0.31.0`, a second `where(...)` or `only_if(...)` call replaced the first filter, so only the last predicate was applied. If your code needs to run on those older versions, write a single predicate with `AND` instead of chaining calls. When upgrading to the latest SDKs, review any existing chained filters and drop earlier calls you no longer want to apply.
```
